Alright now we can go back to our view
and show our flash message.
So let's open answers index.blade.php
And here we can render our flash message
by simply say include layouts underscore messages.
Next
let's go to our answer form
and here
we can change this action's value to route
questions dot answers dot store and pass the question instance or question id in the second argument.
And last
let's also show the validation error message in the answer's body
here we'll add after a form control the bootstrap is invalid
class.
So if the body input has error we add is-invalid
class otherwise we'll add nothing.
Let's also add invalid-feedback in the bottom of the answer's body.
So if errors
has body
and then here we show the validation error message
by wrapping it inside invalid-feedback.
Alright now let's save all changes
and then
reload the page
let the answer's body empty and then hit the submit button.
Ups  question does not exist.
Let me check.
OK
Here I need to import this namespace on the top here.
Save reload again continue.
Here we can see the validation error message on the bottom.
Now if we enter something here
and then hit submit button the answer should be stored in our database.
Ups I get another error
actually we need to specify the column names in the fillable attributes
in our Answer model. Let's open
the answer mode.
And here let's define fillable attribute
and then specify body and user_id
save that. Reload again and hit continue.
All right now we have success method show up
and the answer saved and added here.
Now let me go back to all questions
and see another question.
And here I'll enter another answer.
And then hit the submit button.
All right the answer has been successfully saved
OK with that
I'm going to my terminal and I'll save all changes to my git repo.